Add `order_by` to list users' media admin API (#8978)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/admin_api/user_admin_api.rst

> List media of an user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List media of a user
```

=====================
Gets a list of all local media that a specific ``user_id`` has created.

> The response is default ordered by creation date descending and media ID ascending.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the response is ordered by descending creation date and ascending media ID.
```

List media of an user
================================
Gets a list of all local media that a specific ``user_id`` has created.

> The response is default ordered by creation date ascending and media ID ascending.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The response is default ordered by creation date descending and media ID ascending.
```

Since by default `dir=b`?

- ``total`` - Number of rooms.

> List media of a user
> =====================

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
List media of a user
====================
```

  denoting the offset in the returned results. This should be treated as an opaque value and
  not explicitly set to anything other than the return value of ``next_token`` from a previous call.
  Defaults to ``0``.

> - ``order_by`` - The method in which to sort the returned list of media.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``order_by`` - The method by which to sort the returned list of media.
```

>   If the ordered field has duplicates, the second order is always by ``media_id`` ascending,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the ordered field has duplicates, the second order is always by ascending ``media_id``,
```

  which guarantees a complete ordering. Valid values are:

  - ``media_id`` - Media are ordered alphabetically by ``media_id``.
  - ``upload_name`` - Media are ordered alphabetically by name the media was uploaded with.
  - ``created_ts`` - Media are ordered by when the content was uploaded in ms.
    Smallest to largest. This is the default.
  - ``last_access_ts`` - Media are ordered by when the content was last accessed in ms.
    Smallest to largest.
  - ``media_length`` - Media are ordered by length of the media in bytes.
    Smallest to largest.
  - ``media_type`` - Media are ordered alphabetically by MIME-type.
  - ``quarantined_by`` - Media are ordered alphabetically by the user ID that
    initiated the quarantine request for this media.
  - ``safe_from_quarantine`` - Media are ordered by the status if this media is safe
    from quarantining.

- ``dir`` - Direction of media order. Either ``f`` for forwards or ``b`` for backwards.
  Setting this value to ``b`` will reverse the above sort order. Defaults to ``f``.

If neither ``order_by`` nor ``dir`` is set, the default order is newest media on top
(corresponds to ``order_by`` = ``created_ts`` and ``dir`` = ``b``).

> Caution. The database has only indexes in the following columns ``media_id``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caution. The database has only indexes on the columns ``media_id``,
```

  denoting the offset in the returned results. This should be treated as an opaque value and
  not explicitly set to anything other than the return value of ``next_token`` from a previous call.
  Defaults to ``0``.
- ``order_by`` - The method by which to sort the returned list of media.
  If the ordered field has duplicates, the second order is always by ascending ``media_id``,

>   which guarantees a complete ordering. Valid values are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  which guarantees a stable ordering. Valid values are:
```

  - ``media_id`` - Media are ordered alphabetically by ``media_id``.
  - ``upload_name`` - Media are ordered alphabetically by name the media was uploaded with.
  - ``created_ts`` - Media are ordered by when the content was uploaded in ms.
    Smallest to largest. This is the default.
  - ``last_access_ts`` - Media are ordered by when the content was last accessed in ms.
    Smallest to largest.
  - ``media_length`` - Media are ordered by length of the media in bytes.
    Smallest to largest.
  - ``media_type`` - Media are ordered alphabetically by MIME-type.
  - ``quarantined_by`` - Media are ordered alphabetically by the user ID that
    initiated the quarantine request for this media.
  - ``safe_from_quarantine`` - Media are ordered by the status if this media is safe
    from quarantining.

- ``dir`` - Direction of media order. Either ``f`` for forwards or ``b`` for backwards.
  Setting this value to ``b`` will reverse the above sort order. Defaults to ``f``.

If neither ``order_by`` nor ``dir`` is set, the default order is newest media on top
(corresponds to ``order_by`` = ``created_ts`` and ``dir`` = ``b``).

> Caution. The database has only indexes on the columns ``media_id``,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Caution. The database only has indexes on the columns ``media_id``,
```
